---
layout: post
title:  "Crabbing Under the Golden Gate Bridge"
date: 2025-09-08
featured_image: crabbing.jpg
tags: [Crabbing, Events, Upcoming]
uuid: 03CA2B34-8054-4547-97FE-37165FBB4C66
meta:
  date: 2025-10-18
  time: 10:00 AM
  location: San Francisco
  signup:
    - Venmo @Neschae to reserve your spot once confirmed.
    - title: add your name to the Pack Signup
      url: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1UvugMBFpKWbh2eCW0vHrHfh_9fKrgwvXTJc9awj6VoI/edit?usp=sharing
  cost: $49 per active participant (assuming 10 paying participants)
  deadline: 2024-10-09
---

Space is limited so sign up soon!

* Parent Chaperones will not have to pay if they share a pole with a child or are not participating.
* We will need a minimum of 6 crabbing participants, with 16 being the max.
* Equipment will be provided by Alex who is an expert crabber. But bring your bucket so you can take home your crabs to cook and eat for dinner.
* The event happens on land near the shore, so there is no boat involved.
* Since space is limited, the experience is currently open to Cub Scouts and their siblings in our pack. (For the Lions and Tigers, we need a 1:1 ratio of adults and kids.)

More information from our crabber, Alex...

<!--more-->

We will meet at a pier in the Marina/Presidio district of San Francisco where we will be located near the Golden Gate Bridge. The views of the water will be spectacular and because of the size of the pier we will have more than enough room to spread out and try our techniques. Make sure to arrive early so you can find parking and pay for it if need be near The Warming Hut cafe. The best place to park is in the public parking lot next to The Warming Hut Cafe by way of Mason street. Don’t take Long Ave as it will lead to the other side of the parking lot and parking is scarce on that side.

Once all the guests have arrived we will learn to set up the equipment we will supply with a very detailed explanation of how and why we use particular gear. Once we have set up our rods, filled our bait in our traps we will learn the different forms of casting and the technique of reeling. Because we are fishing for crab there is a different approach to how you catch crab off of a rod and reel.

We will be catching rock & red crab which are edible and delicious crabs to take home. This experience is an all weather endeavor so rain or shine we will make it happen.

Please add your name to the list, even if there are already 16 participants and we will try to open up another session.
