---
layout: post
title:  "Boo-Fest Family Campout"
date: 2025-09-08
featured_image: boo-fest.jpg
tags: [Camping, Boo-Fest, Events, Upcoming]
uuid: 2BE5E7E5-9BF9-4B5D-B589-982DD823D3DF
meta:
  date:
    - 2025-10-24 5:00 PM
    - 2025-10-25 5:00 PM
  location: Camp Cheesebrough
  signup:
    - title: Council Signup
      url: https://scoutingevent.com/055-98790-230576
    - title: Pack Signup
      url: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10Zygqx15se0y47UEqHytYcI4PiuCeklgZmqYMTgupqk/edit?usp=sharing
  cost: $70 per camper / $20 per adult
  deadline: 2024-10-22
  more_info: https://scoutingevent.com/055-98790-230576
  deadline: 2025-10-19
---

Come join us for our annual Halloween campout where participants get to make their own spooky area, trick-or-treat down the haunted nature trail, carve pumpkins, and participate in traditional scout activities with a spooky twist!

### Activities Include

* Archery & Air-powered BB guns - Get out on the range and practice your target skills!
* Arts & Crafts – Pumpkin carving, costume decoration, & more!
* Scout Skills – Learn things that help you care of yourself and others like knots!
* Fishing – Catch a fish, identify fish, and tie a fishing knot!
* Games – Plenty of tricks to be learned while playing games!
* Daily Flag Ceremonies – Learn about the US flag ceremony and ceremonies!
* Cracker Barrel – Come have fun themed snacks and socialize with folks in your optional costume!
* Trick or Treat! – Explore the haunted nature trail and discover some enjoyable treats along the way.

Evening treats, Breakfast, & Lunch included.

Please eat dinner before you arrive on Friday or bring a sack dinner with you.

No camping gear will be provided. Please plan on using a hand cart to carry your tent and supplies to the upper campsites. If you will need assistance please let us know.

If you plan to attend, please add your family info [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/10Zygqx15se0y47UEqHytYcI4PiuCeklgZmqYMTgupqk/edit?usp=sharing) for pack planning.



## Important

Since this is an official BSA event, please make sure to have your [health forms](https://scoutingevent.com/Download/055129489/OR/Health_AB_Forms.pdf) filled out and remember to bring them with you as they are quite strict with these. There is also an optional [BB Device permission form](https://scoutingevent.com/Download/055131095/OR/2020CALIFORNIABBFormsimplified.pdf) to complete and bring should your Scout participate. *Please note Cub Scout Lions are not eligible to participate in shooting activities, however, they will be able to enjoy the archery range.* I recommend you keep copies of these forms for future events so you do not have to complete them again.
